[Python] Inventory Dicts Improvement (#2770)
exercism/v3: languages/python/concepts/dicts/about.md

> A dictionary is a data structure that associates a key to a value. In Python, it's called the [mapping type dict][mapping-types-dict], this data type enables to retrieve the value object quickly knowing the key. Comparing with searching an object in the items a list, a dictionary would use more memory, but would be faster, especially for large collections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dictionary in Python is a data structure that associates [hashable][term-hashable] _keys_ to _values_ and is what is know in many other programming languages as a [hash table or hashmap][hashtable-wikipedia].  In Python, it's considered a [mapping type][mapping-types-dict].  `dicts` enable the retrieval of a value in constant time, given the key. Compared to searching for a value within a list or array (_without knowing the index position_), a dictionary uses significantly more memory, but has very rapid retrieval -- especially for scenarios where the collection is large and must be accessed frequently.
```

## Keys and Values

> A dictionary can be though of as a simple key:value pair mapping, it can be declared using `{k1: v1, k2: v2}` or `dict(k1=v1, k2=v2)`, but there is much more ways of creating and initializing a dictionary including dict comprehensions or other constructor parameters that are illustrated on the [official docs][mapping-types-dict]. Inserting a key:value pair can be done with `dict[key] = value` and the retrieval of a value by `v = dict[k]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dictionary can be though of as a collection of  straightforward `key`:`value`  pairings.  Like other collection types (`list`, `tuple`, and `set`), `values` can contain arbitrary data and data types, including nested dictionaries.  A dictionary’s `keys` are _**almost**_ as arbitrary, but require that any data type used be _hashable_.  

 A simple `dict` can be declared using the literal form `{key_1: value_1, key_2: value_2}` or via _constructor_ with `dict(key_1=value+1, key_2=value_2)` -- but there are many more ways of creating and initializing a dictionaries including the use of a `dict comprehension` or passing additional constructor parameters as illustrated in the [Python docs][mapping-types-dict]. 
 
Inserting a new `key`:`value` pair can be done with `dict[key] = value` and values can be retrieved by using `retrieved_value = dict[key]`.
```

> A key is unique across a dictionary, but the value associated with it can be replaced, updated or altered as long as that key exists. To be a valid key, the key should be [hashable][term-hashable], hashable keys include for example numbers, strings or tuples of immutable values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keys are unique across a dictionary, but the values associated with any `key` can be replaced, updated or altered as long as the `key` exists. To be a valid, a key (_and all its contained values_) be [hashable][term-hashable].   Hashable `keys` can include numbers, strings, tuples of _immutable_ values, or frozensets.  `sets`, `lists`, `dicts` or `tuples` that themselves contain mutable items cannot be used as keys due to their unhashability.   
```

> A value can be of any data type, including Build-in types, custom types or complex objects. Common used objects are: numbers, string, list, dictionary or sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A value can be of any data type, including Build-in types, custom types or complex objects (even functions or classes). Commonly used objects are: numbers, strings, lists, dictionaries, tuples, or sets.
```

## Methods

> Dictionaries implement various methods to allow easy initializing, updates and viewing, for example getting a value from a specific key in the dictionary, setting a default value for a key and more. Dictionaries are also iterable by their keys, values or key-value pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dicts` implement various methods to allow easy initialization, updating and viewing. For example:  getting a value from a specific key in the dictionary, setting a default value for a given key and more. 

Dictionaries can also be iterated over by keys, values,  or key-value pairs by using the `for key in`, `for value in`, or `for key, value in` patterns.
```

> Some useful `dict` methods that are useful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some useful `dict` methodsl:
```

> - Get a value from a dictionary by using the `.get(key, [default])` returns the value for a given key, would not error and returns the `default` value if the key is missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Retrieve a value "safely" from a dictionary by using `.get(key, [default])`.  `.get(key, [default]) returns the value for the key **or** the _default value_ if the key is not found, instead of raising a `KeyError`.  This works well in situations where you would rather not have extra error handling but cannot trust that a looked-for key will be present.
```

> - Set a default value for a key with the `.setdefault(key, [default])` method, which is similar to the `.get()`, but it additionally inserts that key with the default value if it does not exist inside the dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set a default _value_ for a given key with the `.setdefault(key, [default])` method.  This can be viewed as a corollary to the `.get()` method -- `.setdefault(key, [default])` will set an _existing_ key to the default value given, but will additionally _create that key_ with the default value if it does not already exist inside the dictionary.  
```

> - Return an iterable view of the keys with `.keys()`, of the values with `.values()` and of the `(key, value)` pairs as tuples with `.items()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return various _iterable_ views of your `dict` with `.keys()`, `.values()`, `.items()`(_an iterable of (key, value) `tuples`_).
```

> For a complete explanation of dictionaries in python refer to the [official documentation][dicts-docs] or check out the [W3-Schools][how-to-dicts] tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed explanation of dictionaries in Python, the [official documentation][dicts-docs] is an excellent starting place, or you can also check out the [W3-Schools][how-to-dicts] tutorial.
```

> ## The collections module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extending Dictionaries: The collections module
```

> The [`collections`][collections-docs] module adds more functionality to Python's standard collection-based datatypes (`dictionary`, `set`, `list`, `tuple`). A popular member of this module is the [`Counter`][counter-dicts] class, which counts items and returns it as a dictionary. There is also [`OrderedDict`][ordered-dicts-docs] which has methods specialized for re-arranging the order of a dictionary. Finally, there is [`defaultdict`][default-dicts] a subclass of the built-in `dict` module that sets a default value for any new key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`collections`][collections-docs] module adds more functionality to Python's standard collection-based datatypes (`dictionary`, `set`, `list`, `tuple`). A popular `dict`-oriented member of this module is the  [`Counter`][counter-dicts], which automatically counts items and returns them as a dictionary with the items as keys and their counts as values. There's also an [`OrderedDict`][ordered-dicts-docs], which has methods specialized for re-arranging the order of a dictionary. Finally, there's the [`defaultdict`][default-dicts] -- a very useful subclass of the built-in `dict` that can be constructed with different datatypes (like `lists`, `sets`, and `ints`) as default "placeholder" factories -- each key not already in the `dict` is created with the empty datatype, ready to append or add to without the need for a separate assignment step. 
```

> [term-hashable]: https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-hashable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[term-hashable]: https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html#term-hashable
[hashtable-wikipedia]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_table
```

A dictionary in Python is a data structure that associates [hashable][term-hashable] _keys_ to _values_ and can be known in other programming languages as a [hash table or hashmap][hashtable-wikipedia]. In Python, it's considered a [mapping type][mapping-types-dict]. `dicts` enable the retrieval of a value in constant time, given the key.

Compared to searching for a value within a list or array (_without knowing the index position_), a dictionary uses significantly more memory, but has very rapid retrieval. It's especially useful in scenarios where the collection is large and must be accessed frequently.

## Keys and Values

A dictionary can be though of as a collection of straightforward `key`:`value` pairs. Like other collection types (`list`, `tuple`, and `set`), `values` can contain arbitrary data and data types, including nested dictionaries. A dictionary’s `keys` are _**almost**_ as arbitrary, but require their data types to be _hashable_.

> Keys are unique across a dictionary, and the values associated with any `key` can be replaced, updated or altered as long as the `key` exists. To be a valid, a key (_and all its contained values_) must be [hashable][term-hashable]. Hashable `keys` can include numbers, strings, tuples of _immutable_ values or frozensets. `sets`, `lists`, `dicts` or `tuples` are mutable items and unhashable, therefor they cannot be used as keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keys are unique across a dictionary, and the values associated with any `key` can be replaced, updated or altered as long as the `key` exists. To be a valid, a key (_and all its contained values_) must be [hashable][term-hashable]. Hashable `keys` can include numbers, strings, tuples of _immutable_ values, or frozensets. `sets`, `lists`, and `dicts` are unhashable and therefor cannot be used as keys.
```

> A value can be of any data type, including Build-in types, custom types or complex objects (even functions or classes). Commonly used objects are: numbers, strings, lists, dictionaries, tuples or sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A value can be of any data type, including built-in types, custom types or complex objects (even functions or classes). Commonly used objects are: numbers, strings, lists, dictionaries, tuples or sets.
```
